This project will focus on creating static adventures that will not generate content on the fly using AI. AI will generate a self contained game that can be distributed and explored without connection to AI or internet. Why does this project not explore exciting features like live content where the player can steer the story in any direction that they want?

1. Dynamic games often do not have structure or pacing. There is no rising action or falling action. The player can keep exploring and facing adversaries, but they will not be moving towards a inevitable climax like in a typical story. Usually there wont be a BBEG hiding around the corner with a master plan.
2. It is often easy to bully the AI GM and remove any challenges. Bceuase AI is trained to always obey the user, the user can always say "I strike down the enemy and win" or "I find a legendary weapon" and the AI will agree.
3. Counterpoint: In some games the choices are generated by AI so the user cannot remove challenge, but that also takes away player freedom.Also, some live games may impose structure on the game eg track actual hitpoint and hit die for the player.
4. Dynamic games often will have no end.
5. Static games will allow a small, focused scope for the story. Hopefully this will allow the game to have a satisfying end.
6. Player can replay the same game and pick different options to explore all possible outcomes.
1. In a live dynamic game, AI API must be called each turn which costs money; even if it is $0.0001. In a static game, will be no AI API cost just to play the game.
2. Game can be played offline.
3. By creating limited scope static games, I learn how to impose structure; lessons I can apply to dynamic games later.
4. 
